Add documentation for pubsub shard. (#1717)
redis/redis-doc: commands/ssubscribe.md

Subscribes the client to the specified shard channels.

> In a Redis cluster, shard channels are hashed to a slot and client can subscribe to a node covering a slot (primary/replica)  to recieve the messages published. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Redis Cluster, shard channels are assigned to slots by the same algorithm used to assign keys to slots. A node will only accept shard subscribe requests for shard channels that are owned by the node. The cluster makes sure that published shard messages are forwarded to all the node in the shard, so clients can subscribe to a shard channel by connecting to any one of the nodes in a shard.
```

> Once the client enters the subscribed state it is not supposed to issue any other commands, except for additional `SUBSCRIBE`, `SSUBSCRIBE`, `PSUBSCRIBE`, `UNSUBSCRIBE`, `PUNSUBSCRIBE`, `PING`, `RESET` and `QUIT` commands.

Reviewer: I don't think this is true any more for RESP3, as messages are sent out of band.

Subscribes the client to the specified shard channels.

In a Redis cluster, shard channels are assigned to slots by the same algorithm used to assign keys to slots. 
Client(s) can subscribe to a node covering a slot (primary/replica) to receive the messages published.

For more information about sharded pubsub, see [Sharded Pubsub](topics/pubsub#sharded-pubsub). 

> @examples

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
@examples

```

Subscribes the client to the specified shard channels.

In a Redis cluster, shard channels are hashed to a slot and client can subscribe to a node covering a slot (primary/replica) 
to recieve the messages published. 
 
Once the client enters the subscribed state it is not supposed to issue any
other commands, except for additional `SUBSCRIBE`, `SSUBSCRIBE`, `PSUBSCRIBE`, `UNSUBSCRIBE`,
`PUNSUBSCRIBE`, `PING`, `RESET` and `QUIT` commands.

## Example

        > 127.0.0.1:6379> ssubscribe orders
          Reading messages... (press Ctrl-C to quit)
          1) "ssubscribe"
          2) "orders"
          3) (integer) 1
          1) "message"
          2) "orders"
          3) "hello"

>           

Reviewer 3: Extra line break
